chore: deprecation policy and deprecating process (#4154)
external-secrets/external-secrets: DEPRECATING.md

* GA
    * The stable versions of features appear in released software for many subsequent versions.
    * Use it in production ;)

## API Surface

We define the following scope that is covered by our deprecation policy. We follow the [9 Rules of the Kubernetes Deprecation Policy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-policy/).

### Scope
* API Objects and fields: `.Spec`, `.Status` and `.Status.Conditions[]`
* Enums and constant values
* Controller Configuration: CLI flags & environment variables
* Metrics as defined in the [Kubernetes docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-policy/#deprecating-a-metric)
* The following features or specific behavior:
    * `ExternalSecret` [update mechanics](http://localhost:8000/api-externalsecret/#update-behavior)

### Non-Scope
Everything not listed in scope is not subject to this deprecation policy and it is subject to breaking changes, updates at any point in time, and deprecation - **as long as it follows the Deprecation Process listed below**.

> This includes, but insn't limited to :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This includes, but isn't limited to :
```

* Any feature / specific behavior not in Scope.
* Source code imports
* Helm Charts
* Release process
* Docker Images (including multi-arch builds)
* Image Signature (including provenance, providers, keys)
* OLM-specific builds

## Including features and behaviors to the Deprecation Policy
Any maintainer may propose including a feature, component, or behavior out of scope to be in scope of the deprecation policy. 

The proposal must clearly outline the rationale for inclusion, the impact on users, stability, long term maintenance plan, and day-to-day activities, if such.

> The proposal must be formalized by submiting a `design` document as a Pull Request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The proposal must be formalised by submitting a `design` document as a Pull Request.
```
